Portal category readme updates (#479)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: portal/integrated-windows-authentication/README.md

> # Integrated Windows Authentication

Reviewer: I'm unsure whether this has to be sentence case or title case. IWA is a term, so I think title case is correct though

Author: yes I had the same initial uncertainty! But indeed: it's correct use is title case.

Connect to an IWA secured portal and search for maps.

![Image of integrated windows authentication](IntegratedWindowsAuthentication.png)

## Use case

> Your organization might use Integrated Windows Authentication (IWA) to secure ArcGIS Enterprise. This can be useful because the same credentials used to log into your work computer and network can be used to authenticate with ArcGIS. IWA is built into Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) and works well for intranet applications but isn't always practical for internet apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your organization might use Integrated Windows Authentication (IWA) to secure ArcGIS Enterprise. This can be useful because the same credentials used to log into your work computer and network can be used to authenticate with ArcGIS. IWA is built into Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) and works well for intranet applications, but isn't always practical for internet apps.
```

## How to use the sample

> Enter the URL to your IWA-secured portal. Tap the button to search for web maps stored on the portal. You will be prompted for a user name, password, and domain. If you authenticate successfully, portal item results will display in the list. Select a web map item to display it in the map view.

Reviewer: Did we agree we should generally name the buttons, even if there is only one button?

Also a use of 'Tap' snuck in here.

```suggestion
Enter the URL to your IWA-secured portal. Click the 'Search IWA Secured Portal' button to search for web maps stored on the portal. You will be prompted for a user name, password, and domain. If you authenticate successfully, portal item results will display in the list. Select a web map item to display it in the map view.
```

Author: I don't think we agreed on buttons. It makes sense when there are multiple UI interactions to name the button, but when there is only one button to refer to it just as the button. Here since you can also click on a list I'm tempted to keep the name in, as you've suggested. Haha, oops, love a good mistyped tap/click!

3. Create a new `Portal` from a portal URL and a boolean indicating if it is a secured resource using `new Portal(url, true)`.
4. Load the portal. The authentication challenge handler will prompt the user for credentials. The portal will load successfully with valid credentials.
5. Create `PortalQueryParameters` to define a search query for map items in the portal.
5. Find web map portal items using `Portal.findItemsAsync(portalQueryParameters)`.
6. Create a map using a `PortalItem` result with `new ArcGISMap(portalItem)`.
1. The `AuthenticationManager` object is configured with a challenge handler that will prompt for a Windows login (username, password, and domain) if a secure resource is encountered.
2. When a search for portal items is performed against an IWA-secured portal, the challenge handler creates an `UserCredential` object from the information entered by the user.
3. If the user authenticates, the search returns a list of web map `PortalItem`s and the user can select one to display as an `ArcGISMap`.

## Relevant API

* AuthenticationChallenge
* AuthenticationChallengeHandler

> * AuthenticationChallengeResponse

Reviewer: I know these aren't mentioned in the 'How it works' section any more, but I think they are quite fundamental to this sample. Considering this section would power the search and would help users find these samples, perhaps we should leave them in?

## Tags

> authentication, security, Windows

Reviewer: I an see why we dropped the `IWA` tag, but what about the other ones?

Author: not too sure why but to me these are more streamlined to IWA. sign-in and login could be for anything, not necessarily IWA related. And I guess the same for portal
